Expand the explanation for fisher bias in docs (#441)
derivkit/derivkit: docs/about/kits/forecast_kit.rst

Interpretation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Fisher bias characterizes the impact of model incompleteness rather than explicit
parameter perturbations. The difference vector :math:`\Delta\nu` represents a
systematic mismatch between the true data-generating model and the model assumed
in analysis, evaluated at the same fiducial parameters. The resulting shift
:math:`\Delta\theta` estimates how the inferred best-fit parameters would
move in order to absorb this mismatch if the systematic were neglected.
Fisher bias should therefore be interpreted as a diagnostic of whether a
given systematic can be safely ignored within a local Gaussian approximation.

.. image:: ../../assets/plots/fisher_bias_demo_1and2sigma.png
   :width: 60%

> In a realistic analysis, the two data vectors entering :math:`\Delta\nu` are obtained

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In practice, the two data vectors entering :math:`\Delta\nu` are obtained
```

in analysis, evaluated at the same fiducial parameters. The resulting shift
:math:`\Delta\theta` estimates how the inferred best-fit parameters would
move in order to absorb this mismatch if the systematic were neglected.
Fisher bias should therefore be interpreted as a diagnostic of whether a
given systematic can be safely ignored within a local Gaussian approximation.

.. image:: ../../assets/plots/fisher_bias_demo_1and2sigma.png
   :width: 60%

In a realistic analysis, the two data vectors entering :math:`\Delta\nu` are obtained
by evaluating two models at the same fiducial parameters: a baseline model used
for inference and a more complete model that includes additional physical or
instrumental systematics. Fisher bias then estimates how the inferred parameters
would shift if data generated by the more complete model were analyzed using the
baseline model alone. In this sense, Fisher bias quantifies the parameter impact
of neglecting specific systematic effects, rather than correcting for them.

The difference vector can be defined with either sign convention, *e.g.*
:math:`\Delta\nu_i = \nu_i^{\mathrm{biased}} - \nu_i^{\mathrm{unbiased}}` or
the reverse

> :math:`\Delta\nu_i = \nu_i^{\mathrm{unbiased}} - \nu_i^{\mathrm{biased}}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The difference vector :math:`\Delta\nu_i` can be defined with either sign convention, *e.g.*
:math:`\pm\Delta\nu_i = \nu_i^{\mathrm{biased}} - \nu_i^{\mathrm{unbiased}}`.
```
